[Music]
what do you say if I told you you were
gonna be my first love she totally wants
you met bothers looks my body anyway
I feel different around you than I deal
with the guys what hope so I can be
myself more
what happened at Makani and there ain't
no change in that
my history is all still there
sleepless me in what don't be stupid
just sleep next to no real man juices
some chick overs best buds I don't know
what's going on you
all I want to do is just be a kid don't
forget that part of you okay
[Music]
you'll wake up one day and you realize
that your parents are just as crazy and
messed up as we are hi Greg you uh
teaching our boy the ways of the world
shut up and you shut up are you two
gonna leave us we were just getting
started and I'd really like to get back
to
[Music]